1342578365
AddRemIndexToUsers	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120718022157_add_rem_index_to_users.rb	class AddRemIndexToUsers 
Application	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreatePages	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053059_create_pages.rb	class CreatePages 
CreateProducts	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053312_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
CreateStaffs	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053552_create_staffs.rb	class CreateStaffs 
CreateUsers	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120703015900_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
CubaAdv	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/config/application.rb	module CubaAdv
GET 'new'	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/controllers/users_controller_spec.rb	describe "GET 'new'" do
GET 'new'	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/controllers/sessions_controller_spec.rb	describe "GET 'new'" do
Page	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/models/page.rb	class Page 
PageTest	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/unit/page_test.rb	class PageTest 
PagesController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
Product	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsHelper	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
SessionsController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
Staff	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/models/staff.rb	class Staff 
StaffTest	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/unit/staff_test.rb	class StaffTest 
StaffsController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	class StaffsController 
StaffsHelper	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/staffs_helper.rb	module StaffsHelper
TestCase	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
adminhome	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def adminhome
animate	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function animate(lastTick, timeLeft, closingId, openingId)
change	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053059_create_pages.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053312_create_products.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120625053552_create_staffs.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120703015900_create_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/db/migrate/20120718022157_add_rem_index_to_users.rb	  def change
clean_product	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	  def clean_product
clean_simple	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	  def clean_simple
clean_staff	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/staffs_helper.rb	  def clean_staff
concats two strings with spaces	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/helpers/users_helper_spec.rb	it "concats two strings with spaces" do
concats two strings with spaces	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/helpers/sessions_helper_spec.rb	it "concats two strings with spaces" do
create	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create_remember_token	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/models/user.rb	  def create_remember_token
current_user	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user=(user)
destroy	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def edit
home	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
returns http success	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/controllers/users_controller_spec.rb	it "returns http success" do
returns http success	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/controllers/sessions_controller_spec.rb	it "returns http success" do
runAccordion	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function runAccordion(index)
sessions/new.html.erb	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/views/sessions/new.html.erb_spec.rb	describe "sessions/new.html.erb" do
set_groups	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def set_groups
show	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
showprod	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def showprod
showstaff	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def showstaff
sign_in	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	   def sign_in(user)
sign_out	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
signed_in_user	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in_user
spec_it	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	  def spec_it
specdown	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def specdown
specup	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def specup
string concat	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/helpers/users_helper_spec.rb	describe "string concat" do
string concat	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/helpers/sessions_helper_spec.rb	describe "string concat" do
test_homepage	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
users/new.html.erb	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/spec/views/users/new.html.erb_spec.rb	describe "users/new.html.erb" do
vertAlign	C:/Sites/cuba_adv/app/assets/javascripts/front_end.js	function vertAlign(pImg)
